
There is no option to Hide Apps. No App Lock or any such option to hide the many apps which you may not use. The UI version is T edition and that is not even mentioned on the website. The previous UI versions and the option to enable Hide Apps or Lock Apps is listed on Realme website. I use the feature of Hide Apps on all my phones and so it was a disappointment here. Call to customer care did not get a confirmation if that will be available in future updates.- There is no option to private storagefor photo and videos. In all my other phones I have this option and even on the cheaper that Realme ones. Again a disappointment for me and as before no confirmation from customer care about future update.- Call recording options- In what seems to be a bizzare setting, the recording is split into two - one to record all calls from numbers not in your contact list and the other for Selected numbers which would require you to start adding all your contacts one by one painfully. There is no simple option to record all calls. For someone with maybe 200 or more contacts it is a hard day's work. You have to click Choose contact and from the next screen of all listed contacts, select a contact which takes you back to the previous screen. You have to again click Choose contact to select your next contact. Very tiring and cumbersome and I am not sure why Realme had to complicate this simple option into something so confounding. Real disappointment for me there.Keeping these three issues aside, I loved this phone every bit.
Here is my honest review of the realme narzo N53 smartphone:Pros:Fast charging - The 33W fast charging allows the phone's 5,000 mAh battery to charge very quickly. realme claims it can charge to 50% in just 28 minutes.Slim design - At 7.99mm thick, realme says this is the slimmest phone in its price segment. The featherweight design makes it comfortable to hold.90Hz display - The 6.6" FHD+ display has a 90Hz refresh rate for smooth scrolling and transitions. Good for gaming and multimedia.Decent hardware - It has a MediaTek Helio G85 processor, up to 6GB RAM and 128GB storage which is decent hardware for the price. Gaming performance should be smooth.Cons:Average camera - The 50MP main camera is decent but night photography and low light shots may not be great. Lacks high-end camera features like OIS.Older software - Ships with Android 11, not the latest Android 12. Support for software updates is unclear.Plastic build - The featherlight design is thanks to a plastic body rather than glass or metal. It doesn't feel very premium.Overall, the narzo N53 offers good fast charging, a slim and light design, smooth 90Hz display and decent performance for the price. But the cameras, software and build quality could be better. For budget smartphone buyers who prioritize fast charging and design, it's worth considering. But those wanting the best camera or software may want to look at other options.
I like the design in that price. Battery backup is good. For normal use 1.5 days charging is sufficient. Performance is good but screen response is average. Charging very fast. Amazon delivered ok n time.
Premium Glassy back and good battery charging speed. I Didnt find much other options in this price range. Basic Apps like Gallery apps are missing and advertisements in 3rd party apps  are annoying .Now i have to find alternatives
Good phone features are also good but the only lacking is that it is 4g phone otherwise it is very good phone in this range
Super overall good thank you to Amazon
Good